---
title: 'Growth and Learning'
date: 2024-05-18
permalink: /posts/2024-05-18-blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Learning
---

# My Academic Journey: Growth and Learning as a PhD Candidate

Hello, I'm Yu Hui, a PhD candidate with a deep passion for intelligent optimization, machine learning, and their applications in multi-objective optimization problems. This blog post is a reflection on my academic journey, the growth I've experienced, and the lessons I've learned along the way.

Pursuing my Master's degree at the College of Information Science and Engineering, Shandong Normal University, I delved deeper into the realms of computational intelligence and machine learning. This period was crucial for building a solid foundation in my field. I honed my skills in programming languages such as C, C++, and Python, which are essential tools for any aspiring researcher in my domain.

My current pursuit of a PhD at the Institute of Systems Engineering, Macao University of Science and Technology, represents the pinnacle of my academic journey so far. Here, I am not only learning but also contributing to the body of knowledge in my field. My research focuses on developing and applying intelligent optimization algorithms to solve complex scheduling problems, which has practical implications in various industries.

The path of academia is not without its challenges. Balancing the demands of research, teaching, and personal development has taught me the importance of time management, resilience, and adaptability. Each obstacle I've faced has been an opportunity for growth, shaping me into a more determined and resourceful individual.

One of the most rewarding aspects of my academic journey has been the continuous learning process. With every new concept I grasp, every algorithm I master, and every paper I publish, I feel a sense of accomplishment and excitement for the new knowledge I've acquired.

Throughout my academic career, I've come to understand the value of networking. Engaging with peers, mentors, and professionals in my field has opened doors to new opportunities, collaborations, and insights that I could not have gained in isolation.

Future, I am eager to continue contributing to the field of intelligent optimization. I aspire to make significant contributions through my research, to mentor future generations of students, and to stay at the forefront of technological advancements in machine learning.

My academic journey has been a tapestry of learning, growth, and discovery. It has been a path filled with challenges and successes, each playing a crucial role in shaping who I am today. I am proud of my achievements and look forward to the adventures that lie ahead in my pursuit of knowledge and innovation.



*Yu Hui, PhD Candidate in Systems Engineering*